My thought process for my personal Tamagotchi game.

First I googled Tamagotchi's to even have a clue of what this game looked like.
I didn't go with an actual tamagotchi character so I used my own Maltese dog as a character..Prince the Tamagotchi.
I googled gifs of maltese dogs playing cause my game consist of him playing. 
I now have to find other pics of other things for him to do such as being bored or sleeping to change up pics.
I was able to add in the buttons, next step is the eventListeners and count.
Wish me luck! 


added in my id'd for my count for the different buttons
added in my first function for start 
trying to setInterval for the games basic times and clicks 

Added back the start ,pause and stop buttons for game
Tried to add in footer and I'm stumped at the closing part of the footer, or maybe I added the href wrong 

Was able to add eventListeners to the buttons and my buttons count up but not sure what I'm doing wrong to where it wont stop.

Can not add count to age. Had to comment it out. 

Just added in my Linkedin url and the linked work on my console side.
Also added in my personal GitHub link at footer tags 

Changed my "name me" button to the top of the game. Now you have the option to name the pet a name of your choice.

I'm kind of all over the place with my js side but just added back the age id. It's finally making some sense to me

My JS side is not neat how Joel wants it to be but I dnt feel confident to delete anything yet because I dnt want to loose anything. 
 
 I have fihgured out how to add the count functions,
 maybe because I never added the slee[y, bored and play functions until the last minute. 

 Finally learned some more of the css side. I enjoy the css side of this projects and can not wait for the next projects to jazz new websites or games up. 

 I underlined my h1 and h2 title 
  
The way I wanted my Tamagotchi played was I wanted the pics to change according to the button pressed for lets say sleepy and when it counts down the puppy changes to bored. I didn't want my puppy to die cause I felt that was to harsh. Or when hungry and you dnt feed it by the time it reaches 0 then he goes back to being bored. 
